documentation for google symptoms new signals (#815)
cmu-delphi/delphi-epidata: docs/api/covidcast-signals/google-symptoms.md

This data source is based on the [COVID-19 Search Trends symptoms
dataset](http://goo.gle/covid19symptomdataset). Using
this search data, we estimate the volume of searches mapped to symptom sets related

> to COVID-19. The resulting daily dataset for each region shows the average relative frequency of searches for each symptom set. The signals are measured in arbitrary units that are normalized for overall search users in the region and scaled by the maximum value of the normalized popularity within a geographic region across a specific time range. **Thus, values are NOT comparable across geographic regions**. Larger numbers represent increased releative popularity of symptom-related searches.

Reviewer: this would be new but occurred to me after your talk on Friday -- thoughts?
```suggestion
to COVID-19. The resulting daily dataset for each region shows the average relative frequency of searches for each symptom set. The signals are measured in arbitrary units that are normalized for overall search users in the region and scaled by the maximum value of the normalized popularity within a geographic region across a specific time range. **Values are comparable across signals but NOT across geographic regions**. Larger numbers represent increased relative popularity of symptom-related searches.
```

Author: I like the update! I'll add an extra sentence to clarify.

#### Symptom sets

* _s01_: Cough, Phlegm, Sputum, Upper respiratory tract infection

> * _s02_: Nasal congestion, Post nasal drip, Rhinorrhea, Sinusitis, Rhinitis,Common cold

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* _s02_: Nasal congestion, Post nasal drip, Rhinorrhea, Sinusitis, Rhinitis, Common cold
```

* _s03_: Fever, Hyperthermia, Chills, Shivering, Low grade fever
* _s05_: Shortness of breath, Wheeze, Croup, Pneumonia, Asthma, Crackles, Acute bronchitis, Bronchitis
* _s06_: Anosmia, Dysgeusia, Ageusia

> * _s8_: Laryngitis, Sore throat,Throat irritation,

Reviewer: whitespace certainly but is the name 8 or 08?
```suggestion
* _s08_: Laryngitis, Sore throat, Throat irritation
```

* _scontrol_: Type 2 diabetes, Urinary tract infection, Hair loss, Candidiasis, Weight gain

> The symptoms were combined in sets that showed positive correlation with cases, especially after Omicron was declared a variant of concern by the WHO. Note that symptoms in _scontrol_ are not Covid-19 related, and this symptom set can be used as a negative control.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The symptoms were combined in sets that showed positive correlation with cases, especially after Omicron was declared a variant of concern by the WHO. Note that symptoms in _scontrol_ are not COVID-19 related, and this symptom set can be used as a negative control.
```

> Until January 20, 2022, we had separate signals for symptoms Anosmia and Ageusia, and a signal for their sum.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Until January 20, 2022, we had separate signals for symptoms Anosmia, Ageusia, and their sum.
```

{:toc}

## Estimation
Each signal is the average of the
 values of search trends for each symptom in the symptom set. For example, `s06_raw_search` is the average of the search trend values of anosmia, ageusia, and dysgeusia. Note that this is different from the union of
 anosmia, ageusia, and dysgeusia related searches divided by 3, because the data volume for each symptom is calculated based on search queries. A single search query can be mapped to more than one symptom. Currently, Google does not provide _intersection/union_
 data. Users should be careful when considering such signals.

>  For each symptom set: when search trends for all symptoms are missing, the signal is be reported missing. When search trends are available for at least one of the symptos, we fill the missing trends for other symptoms with 0 and compute the average. The same approach is used for smoothed signals. A 7 day moving average is used, and missing raw signals are filled with 0 as long as there is at least one day available among the 7 day window. We use this approach because the missing observations in the Google Symptoms search trends dataset are not filled randomly; they represent low popularity and are not reported due to quality and/or privacy reasons.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 For each symptom set: when search trends for all symptoms are missing, the signal is reported as missing. When search trends are available for at least one of the symptoms, we fill the missing trends for other symptoms with 0 and compute the average. We use this approach because the missing observations in the Google Symptoms search trends dataset do not occur randomly; they represent low popularity and are censored for quality and/or privacy reasons. The same approach is used for smoothed signals. A 7 day moving average is used, and missing raw signals are filled with 0 as long as there is at least one day available within the 7 day window. 
```

## Geographical Aggregation
The state-level and county-level `raw_search` signals for specific symptoms such
as _anosmia_ and _ageusia_ are taken directly from the [COVID-19 Search Trends
symptoms
dataset](https://github.com/google-research/open-covid-19-data/tree/master/data/exports/search_trends_symptoms_dataset)

> without changes.

Reviewer: this paragraph now refers only to deactivated signals -- is the same policy used for s* or a different one?

Author: Yes, we did not change the geographical aggregation, I'll update the text.

Google normalizes and scales time series values to determine the relative
popularity of symptoms in searches within each geographical region individually.
This means that the resulting values of symptom popularity are **NOT**

> comparable across geographic regions.

Reviewer: maybe mention comparing different signals within a region here again

Author: Done!
